# Low Code Assistant (LCA)

The Low Code Assistant (LCA) provides a simple, intuitive point-and-click interface for generating Python or R code. It aims to enable those not familiar with writing code to quickly become productive in Domino Data Lab. For those more familiar with writing code, LCA accelerates common data analysis tasks.

LCA can generate code for these tasks:

1. Import data from a Cloud stores like [S3](/loading-data/redshift/), [Snowflake](/loading-data/snowflake/), [BigQuery](/loading-data/bigquery/) or [Redshift](/loading-data/redshift/).
2. Wrangle data with operations like [filtering](/transform/filter) and [aggregation](/transform/group-aggregate).
3. Create [visualizations](/visualization/plotly).
4. Create [data apps](/app/create).
5. Quickly and easily deploy data apps.

## Benefits

The benefits of LCA can be divided into four categories:

1. **Improved Performance** In tests with analysts new to Python (new graduates), LCA enhanced productivity by 5-20x.

    | Task                          | Novice - Productivity Gain       | Expert - Productivity Gain      |
    | :---                          | :---                                    | :---          |
    | Make a statistical data visualization                             | 5x faster with LCA     | 1x faster with LCA    |
    | Connect to Snowflake and import data               | 5x faster with LCA     | 2x faster with LCA    |
    | Make an app where users can upload their data       | 10x faster with LCA    | 2x faster with LCA    |
    | Publish & share an interactive dashboard                          | 20x faster with LCA    | 3x faster with LCA    |

2. **Portability** The code generated by LCA is always generic Python or R code, and so it's perfectly portable. It can be productionized or downloaded and run off-platform. 
3. **Building Skills** Generating Python and R code interactively via LCA is a powerful learning tool. It flattens the learning curve and makes complex topics easily accessible.
4. **Tweakability** The code produced by LCA may not precisely do what's required. However, it's a useful first draft which can then be tweaked to get percisely what's needed.


